[Frontend] Remove redundant unflat-flattening. (#215)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

<h3>Improvements</h3>

> * Remove redundant unflat and flattening of parameters using PyTrees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminate redundant unflattening and flattening of PyTrees parameters in Catalyst control flow operations.
```
